LOADING
For loading of the dictionary the application will take a json file as input. The default for this is the dictionary.json 
provided by the client, however when the user adds a new word to the dictionary a new json file that includes the
added word will by created and used when loading the dictionary. This is to ensure that the user is able to save new
words and that they appear in the dictionary when the app is luached again. The default file will remain unchanged 
and not overwritten so that if the new file is corrupted the application will be able to still load a dictionary.
In order to read json files the application will use json-simple-1.1.jar.

The JSONParser will be used to parse the file information into an JSONArray which contains the dictionary.
Then the array will be iterated over and while there is a word in the array the iterator will loop over it.
For each of the word a new Word object will be created which containts the Welsh and English translation and
the word type. This Word object will be put into two maps, one English map and one Welsh map. The type of maps
used is TreeMap, the reason for using the Tree version of the Map is that it is a soirted map which allows 
for the words to be sorted alphabetically. There is a map for both English and Welsh due to the fact that
the alphabetical order of the words will be different in the two languages and this makes it simpler to 
do the ordering.

Searching
When seartching the user will choose to either search by Welsh or English, which will also select which map to use for
searching the dictionary. After input form the user the system will check if the selected map contains the key which will be
either the English or Welsh word. If the map contains the specified key it will return the word with all its attributes and
if it does not contain the key then no word will appear.

GuessTheWord
The game where the user has to pick the correct translation of a word from their pratice list will chose a random word
from the users list of word and will display it. This is done by using the Random utility class to generate random numbers which
will correspon the the index of the words in the pratice list. Then the wortd with that index is chosen to be translated by
the user. Four options will apear in either Welsh or English depending on what user choses. These will include the correct
translation of the word and three randomly selected translations from the dictionary, which will be selected in a similar
way to that of the word from the practice list. A correct selection will add a point to the score and an incorrect will not.
The points are stored in an int and saved to enable them to see thier progress.